use autodiff for Satterthwaite (#297)
openpharma/mmrm: NEWS.md

  to specify the maximum number of visits allowed in non-interactive mode, or asked in interactive
  sessions.
- Add `predict` method to obtain conditional mean estimates and prediction intervals, both with or without previous observations.

> - Use automatic differentiation to calculate Satterthwaite adjusted degrees of freedom calculation.

Reviewer: I would add here the advantage from this (speed up etc)

Author: added

  to specify the maximum number of visits allowed in non-interactive mode, or asked in interactive
  sessions.
- Add `predict` method to obtain conditional mean estimates and prediction intervals, both with or without previous observations.

> - Use automatic differentiation to calculate Satterthwaite adjusted degrees of freedom calculation to get more efficient fitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use automatic differentiation to calculate Satterthwaite adjusted degrees of freedom calculation, resulting in 10-fold speed-up of the Satterthwaite calculations after the initial model fit.
```
